Document SidecarContainers graduation to beta (#43471)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle.md

feature gate `EndpointSliceTerminatingCondition` is enabled.
{{</note>}}

{{<note>}}

> Starting from Kubernetes 1.29, if your Pod has one or more sidecar containers,

Reviewer: End users may misunderstand the term "sidecar container" as it's been a while since we've called the regular container that supports the main container "the sidecar container".

Maybe it would be better to be written more clearly, like "an init container with Always restart policy".

the kubelet will wait until the last main containers has terminated before
sending the TERM signal to the sidecar containers on reverse order
of their declaration in the Pod spec.
This is to ensure that sidecar containers can continue to serve the other
containers in the Pod until they are terminated.
Please note that slow termination of the main container will also delay the
termination of the sidecar containers and may trigger emergency termination
of the Pod if the grace period expires. In such cases, all remaining containers

> in the Pod will be terminated with SIGKILL simultaneously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the Pod will be terminated with a short grace period simultaneously.
```
